colon: to use commands.
If I typed on something do not exist, it will basically create a new file.


:q! 
to quit and dismiss any changes I made.

When we enter vim, we are at the normal mode.
Bascially, every letter in the normal mode does not stand for anything.

press letter I: insert mode
To escape: press escape

press colon and W: write into the document and save it!
press colon, q and exclamation letter: discard any change we have made.

press a: enter insert mode, but modify content before the flashing cursor

press o: open a new line, and then I enter the insert mode.

press capital I: enter the insert mode, and start at the beginning of the line.

press capital O: opens an line above, and then enters the insert mode.

to have line numbers:
:set number

then, type the number i and up button, you will up i lines.
So does the down button.

h, j, k and l keys: up, down, left and right.
Four keys in a line. 

:set relativenumber
Instead of getting absolute line numbers, you get the relative
line numbers (might be useful for copy and paste process)
:set nornu
Cancel getting relative line numbers.

Go to the vim setting filc:
$vi ~/.vimrc
write these in the insert mode:
set number
set relativenumber
set tabstop=4
set shiftwidth=4
set autoindent
set mouse=a
colorscheme slate

type u: to undo
ctrl + r: redo


Third mode: visual mode (for selecting)
type v: enter the visual mode
select sth and type d: delete it
type u: undo
select sth and type y(yanking: copy)
type p(paste)
type d twice: delete the whole line.

type c: change.
change and delete essentially are same thing. The only difference
is that when we change something, we will enter the insert mode after deleting.

capital c: change the rest of the line.
capital d: delete the rest of the line.

I can jump between words. ( a string of characters separated with whitespace?)
W: whitespace only
w: also sth like hyphens

b: backward

d twice: delete the whole line.
d w: delete the word.
2 d w: delete two words.
d i w: delete in a word(the whole word not the remaining part of a word)

zero: go to the beginning of the line
dollar symbol: go to the ending of the line
d dollar symbol: delete until the end of the line.

c i quotation mark: changing sth within the quotation mark.

percentage mark: 
c i opening bracket: change everything inside

t star: jump to the symbol before the closing star
f star:  jump to the closing star

d t opening-bracket: delete everything up until opening bracket


jump to beginning of the file:  type g twice
jump to the ending of the file: shift g
jump to specify line: colon [line number]